???? ??????? ???? ??????, ????? ???? ????????.
???? ??????? ?????????, ????? ???? ?????? ???

A guru is the Bramha who creates knowledge, Guru is Vishnu who sustains the knowledge and the guru is Shiva who destroys the darkness of ignorance. I salute such great guru. 

A very pleasant morning to one and all, our respected DEAN AND HOD  sir, all the LOVING TEACHERS, OFFICE STAFF , OUR PHd SCHOLARS , VISITORS  and my dear friends. I ANCHAL AITHANI , I ABHISHEK TRIVEDI are delighted to be your toastmaster for today. Today we are gathered here to celebrate this amazing day to honor the noblest profession in the world. Today we are here to celebrate and honor the generous contribution of the teachers to the society and mankind. Today on the auspicious day of teachers day we will thank all the teachers in this school and in the whole world.

 As Mr. Rogers says,” Our world hangs like a magnificent jewel in the vastness of space. Every one of us is a part of that jewel. A facet of that jewel. And in the perspective of infinity, our differences are infinitesimal.” So, may we make a better difference this auspicious day and always.

Drama
Real life is said to be messy, whereas drama the shaped version of life. It happens in big places and also in small ones. So, the drama is an essential part of life: You have to come on with a bang. You never want to go out with a whimper. Everything can have drama if it’s done right. Even a pancake.
With that being said, we would like to call (name of the group) on the stage for the drama in the honor our respected teachers. Round of applause for them, please.
(After the drama)
Thank you, (name of the group). It’s a mindblowing performance.
Speech
Indeed, teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. A teacher affects eternity and brings out the best in a student. Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges. In the honor of the respected teachers, we would like to introduce MR.DEVVRAT SINGH who is going to talk about (the title of the speech). So, ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together to appreciate him.
(After the speech)
Thank you, MR. DEVVRAT SINGH
Calling the HOD on the stage
Now, a big round of applause for the one who neither cares about night nor day, who is always volunteer to burn the midnight oil when it comes to quality education for our kids. Indeed, he is none other than Mr. (name of the principle). So, it is my honor more than a pleasure to welcome the respected HOD and DEAN PROFF. R.A. KHAN SIR
(After the speech)
Thank you, sir. We appreciate your hard work and sincerity towards this academy.
Conclusion
Thank you, all ladies and gentlemen for joining us. We hope you had a  great time and wish you all happiness, peace, health, success, and liberty.
I hope the Anchoring Script for the Teacher’s Day was helpful to you. If you had any question or suggestions, please, let us know.


